Member 3: Model Evaluation & Accuracy Calculation
Role Overview
Member 3 is responsible for evaluating the machine learning model’s performance by analyzing the accuracy and predictions. This involves:

Testing the trained Logistic Regression model on unseen data.

Calculating accuracy to measure the model’s performance.

Identifying potential improvements by interpreting results.

Background of the Tasks
Why is Model Evaluation Important?

It determines how well the model generalizes to new data.

It helps in identifying overfitting (too specific to training data) or underfitting (too general, missing patterns).

It allows comparison between different models and improvements over iterations.

Key Performance Metrics Used

Accuracy: Measures the percentage of correct predictions.

Confusion Matrix (optional): Gives insights into false positives & false negatives.

Steps Involved in Model Evaluation
1. Making Predictions on Test Data
Once the Logistic Regression model is trained, it is tested on unseen data.

Implementation in Code:

python
Copy
Edit
y_pred = model.predict(x_test)
The model takes input features and outputs a prediction for each instance in the test set.

2. Calculating Model Accuracy
Accuracy is computed as the ratio of correct predictions to the total number of predictions.

Implementation in Code:

python
Copy
Edit
print('Accuracy of Logistic Regression is: ', model.score(x_test, y_test) * 100, '%')
This provides a direct measure of how well the model is performing.

3. Interpreting the Results
The accuracy score indicates how many times the model made the right classification.

A high accuracy (e.g., 90%+) means the model is performing well.

A low accuracy (e.g., below 60%) suggests that improvements are needed (e.g., better feature selection, different models, or hyperparameter tuning).

Challenges Faced
Class Imbalance: If one class dominates, the model may predict it more often, skewing accuracy.

Overfitting: The model might perform well on training data but fail on real-world data.

Feature Selection Impact: Removing too many or too few features can affect performance.

Conclusion
Model accuracy was successfully calculated, indicating how well the model generalizes.

Results guide potential improvements for future iterations.

Further evaluation metrics (Precision, Recall, F1-score) can be explored if needed.